it takes a free kicks in Ferguson until
we link back to Ferguson
consequently again
the sandwich time said we're not so much
that which goes great play just gonna
throw see
it was never gonna miss from that range
because I like Edwards Thomas Blake
superb sins will play from wrexham
Edwards again Chancellor on down this
right hand side so those coming sure to
save the pass he's got it now
Fletch it plays a ball down the
sensitive field
as ball would come forward Chalmers
hello by Edwards thought about crossing
decided against their plays it back to
purchase
I was back to golf lecture
safe lecture time knocking the ball
forward put out by Holmes Ferguson were
they're trying to lay off to later on
though but he's not got it there's a
chance a mercy minutes good
Oh's football to the far side looking
for Edwards in control playing the ball
down this one side super elf is put out
by your home's with the header board by
Fletcher or is it John say now
Bournemouth flinchin og-pog
Ferguson with its ample go chest
absolutely back to some
morale quickly again
all settlers come for it on the far
right hand side Ferguson eventually goes
out to Edwards close down my purchase or
again and west weaving his magic
great goal from Braun
Edwards place alongside Singh fella
segments
all language going round Neil you
well played by Edwards
well let's go again Luck's chance so
this game really hates it because outs
but sigalas Edwards
pretty cool feel held up by Sun or a
great skill again
still shop
he's been evading Sammy's the shot
smiley face enjoy that we shut up
target keeper made a good save